docs: troubleshoot high memory usage (#810)
overhangio/tutor: docs/troubleshooting.rst

    docker stats

In idle mode, the "mysql" container should use ~200MB memory; ~200-300MB for the the "lms" and "cms" containers.

> On some operating systems, such as RedHat, ArchLinux or Fedora, a very high limit of the number of open files (``nofile``) per container may cause the " mysql", "lms" and "cms" containers to use a lot of memory: up to 8-16GB. To check whether you might impacted, run::

Reviewer: ```suggestion
On some operating systems, such as RedHat, Arch Linux or Fedora, a very high limit of the number of open files (``nofile``) per container may cause the "mysql", "lms" and "cms" containers to use a lot of memory: up to 8-16GB. To check whether you might impacted, run::
```
